Master Kim Jong-un Witness
Although you have a prominent position in Dajing
But I still advise you not to get involved in this muddy water
Otherwise, flexible self-immolation
Lord Sun is threatening this old man
Dare I just remind you
You are so old
I advise you to teach well at the college
Things outside are about to get involved
Interfere in what do you mean?
If you mean that girl from the Zuo family
The old man is natural
His father Zuo Wuhou will naturally love you
But if it was your son who made trouble with Qin Mansion's posture in court
That old man really wants to take care of it
Hahahaha
Going to the Qin Mansion means Concubine De
Do you want to make an enemy of Donggong?
It seems that things are a bit difficult today.
If this sentence is said by Concubine De herself
Maybe a little more
As for politeness
Not qualified enough
Well, if you say so.
Then I will personally invite Concubine De
Okay, I'd like to see it
In the end, the world is the world of Concubine Zhe
Still my world
Your Majesty Your Majesty